From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 87. Recorded
live Thursday, August 29, 2013.
Support for Hansel minutes is
provided by Tellerik offering the
best in developer tools and
support online@tlerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers of gesture
pack a powerful gesture, recording
and recognition system for Microsoft
connect for windows developers details@gesturepak.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Natasha Irizarry about lean
UX. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. I'm down
here in Jacksonville, Florida at
code on the beach. I'm
talking with UX strategists, Natasha
Erie, Erie. How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
I'm very well. You did
a good talk on, on
lean UX. Yeah, that sounds
like three buzzwords to me.
Three lean user and experience
UX is two words, but
I'm just saying like you
all UX, I guess is
one thing, but, and I'm
not disrespecting your, your industry,
but I have to say
from the developer's perspective where
output is measured in lines
of code and number DLLs
shipped and number, but it's
like, well, what's the UX
person do. They're just mostly
hanging around in Photoshop, Sort
of, not really since solve
it for me. So user
experience design or whatever you
want to call it is
the idea of making a
tool. Not feel like a
tool. So when you're on
your phone, it doesn't feel
like you're on your phone.
It's like, especially us iPhones.
It it's her calendar. It's
your photo gallery. It's it's
your black book. And it's
interesting because growing up, my
dad had this black book
of, he had pictures of,
of us, me and my
sisters, his, you know, events.
And he would haul this
giant thing everywhere. And now,
like I do the same
thing, but it's on my
phone. That was like a
bit, it was his PDA.
Yeah. It was a giant
black book. Stan's a wallet.
Yes, yes, yes. And, and
so UX is the idea
of creating something that doesn't
feel like you're using anything,
right. When did the name
UX come out? I think
the last four or five
years we went from user
interface designers that did buttons
stuff. And now it's like
experience. Yeah. I, I'm not
sure. I'm not sure when
it became called UX. I
learned about it. I didn't
even know I was doing
it. And, and someone asked
me earlier, how do you
learn how to do UX?
And like, I just don't
feel like it can be
taught. Can you get a
human computer interaction degree? I
know people with PhDs and
HCI. Yeah. But I, I
think a lot of UX
people have degrees in like
psychology, which is interesting because
we're, we're, we're really understanding
humans and how they work
and how they navigate through.
Like, if it's a web,
like a website and applying
that into our designs. And
There's a, there's a great
book. I think it's Donald Norman
who has the design of
everyday thing. Yes. I love
that book. I love that
book. That there's, there's also
a book called design yourself.
Okay. I can't remember who
wrote it, but it's, it's
Awesome. I will add links
in the show notes for
people who are listening design
of everyday things has this
picture of a teapot on
the outside. And I think
it's in that book where
he talks about the, like,
we're looking at this door
right now. You and I
are in this room and
there's this door. And it's
got the, the bar across
that, The satisfying click of
things, cabinets that closed. Someone
told me that they designed
that once. Like that's how
they said what they did.
And I was like, well,
I know use that forever.
Yeah. This bar here. Apparently
if you put the bar
in the middle centered, people
will shove it in the
middle and struggle to open
the door because of where
the hinges. But if you
put it off to one
side, it makes you want
to push it in the
center of that bar, which
then causes the door to
open. Yeah. And also on
the topic of doors and
their usability, the doors had
always had the hand, the
handle on both sides, but
they only go one way
and they don't say pusher
pool just yet. That's like
a huge door usability problem
That at work every day
and everyday I do it
wrong. I want to pull
on the handle and want
to push on the button.
Yeah. I hate it when
you have to grab a
handle and then push forward.
That makes no sense. That
makes no sense. Yeah. Interesting.
Okay. So, but you are
also a web designer and
I do do those things
always go together. No, I,
I guess maybe seven years
ago I would have defined
myself as a web designer
or a visual designer, but
UX is so much more
than that. It's taking, it's
planning everything out of reading,
usability tests, being involved in
testing, really understanding the product
and the customers are people
who do users and making
it good for them. It's
less about the business and
more about the user. And,
and I will always fight
for the user. It feels
like a lot of times
I'm, I'm the devil's advocate
of every meeting I'm in.
Cause they're like, we need
to meet these numbers. Like,
well, you're not going to
do that cause no one's
gonna use it. They're not
gonna think that click there
do this. It's interesting. I
was going to kind of
guess the opposite because the
user experience person sure needs
to make a great experience
for the user. But if
the point is to take
money from the user, let's
say that you're designing a
shopping cart and checkout process.
It has to be an
awesome experience. And it has
to satisfy both. The user
feels like no money was
taken. Like it was just
this effortless experience and the
business who was going to
look at numbers like conversions.
And they're going to say,
Hey, your last design converted
5% more. It's interesting. I
I've, I've worked in financial
services for a while now,
like eight, eight or nine
years. And at one of
the places I worked, we,
we got, we got to
test everything and which a
lot of places you, you
don't, you can't do that.
But at this specific place,
we were testing rates on
banners. So like a rate
for like a savings account.
Right. So the good rates,
right? You the, the higher,
the rate, the more money
you'll make eventually. And we
had these banners and one
of them had to write
and one of them didn't,
they just had copy and
text. Yeah. And 66% more
like conversions from the one
that did not have a
right. Real 66%. And Yeah,
like as a techie, I
want to know numbers. Yes.
And that's what you would
think. But our brain is
like trained to just ignore
like those big, giant numbers
in our face, I guess,
like ad blocking or whatever.
We just ignore it. And
to go with that, we
also tested, like, learn more
buttons versus learn more text,
like copy, like inline texts,
the learn more text, always
got more clicks, Always versus
like an entire paragraph. Yeah.
With like a little like
blue learn, more link. Really.
Yep. Got more clicks, like
double more clicks than a
button. Good morning, because I'm
actually in the process of
redesigning our asp.net website and
they've added a bunch of
these blue learn more buttons.
And that's interesting. I wonder
if it's because text links
are kind of passive and
nonthreatening. Cause I think this
is interesting to dig into
the psychology of this. So
I'm guessing when you tell
him what you think. Yeah.
Like text links, I click
on all the time and
they don't indicate an action.
They indicate an interest to
learn more about something at
CNN or some news article,
but a button indicates a
certain amount of intent. There's
a certain amount of strength
required to express one's intent.
So pushing a button is
psychologically more difficult than clicking
links. Yeah. And you got
to think about marketing. Like
everyone hates marketing, but everyone
loves marketing. Right? Like I
know someone that says he
hates marketing, he hates it.
But if you look at
him, like you can see
his like Lacoste shirt with
his, I don't know, fancy
seven jeans or whatever. And
his Nike's like, you hate
marketing, but you are, You
are you're walking, marketing. Exactly.
Like, and people want to
hate marketing, but any kind
of button that I click
on on the internet is
being tracked. Everything's being tracked.
So, which is crazy to
think about, but it is.
And it's just crazy to
see these numbers on, on
the sign or spend all
this time making these fancy
buttons for what like, and,
and that gets into the
conversation of the like form
over function. Right. So like
if it's not functional, what's
the point. So why spend,
you know, three hours designing
this impressive button when you
can just put it In
text? Yeah. Yeah. I worked
in financial services. We talked
a little bit about this
before for, for gosh, nine
years, I did retail online
banking. So like logging in,
checking your balance and stuff
like that. And then also
integration with QuickBooks and money
and things like that. So
my stuff was not the
homepage of the bank, but
it was balances, bill payment,
money transfers, stuff like that.
And we would get into
these arguments with the bankers
about like, is this rule,
this line one pixel wide
or three pixels wide. And
they would fight with the
designer. And I was always
like, that means nothing. It
changes nothing. No one is
going to either use or
not use the product based
on that rule. So the
shoe, I always said that
the suit should really be
focusing on what the functionality
is and if the designer
wants a one pixel rule
and we trust that designer,
let them do it. I
mean, is that a good,
Yeah. I mean, I want
to say, because I'm a
designer that the designer always
knows best, But well, if
they're a good designer, Well,
no, if they're a good
designer, they'll listen to everyone
and then make an informed
decision based on that. I
mean, that's what, that's what
I do whenever I'm in
a meeting, I'm usually the
last person that talks because
I really want to understand
like example, like a pixel
rule, take the, take it
away. If it's that big
of a deal, don't put
it at all. Like, and
that's, that's how I look
at problems like that. It's
designers are not artists like,
and, and that's a big
confusion, right? I think that
there's probably designers right now
who just like got upset
and they're looking at their
podcast signers or not, They
are not. And, and this
is, this is, this is
going to get a lot
of bad feedback, but I'm
a firm believer that designers
are problem solvers and artists
are problem causers. So, and
not in a negative way.
Cause I do, I do
art. I will paint whatever
I do crafts. I love
Pinterest, but designers, I look
at everything like it's math.
I put everything on a
grid. Every design decision that
I make is, is a
decision that I make. If,
if there is pixel rule
and it doesn't need to
be there, then I won't
put it there. Every, every
choice is intentional, but art
like, and let me, let
me finish that before going
to art, when, how design
and art meet is after
all those design decisions are
made and you want to
give your user a feeling
you want to invoke a
feeling it's like Apple in
those commercials or Google and
those commercials. Gosh, like there
was one super bowl commercial
for Chrome about like proposing
in Paris. And I will
never forget it. Or like
there was one where a
father wrote emails to his
daughter and it was so
good. And if you look
at it, it is probably
some designer and an art
director. And it took him
like a couple of days
to make probably like no
money at all, really. But
it's, it, it hits, it
impacts you so hard. So
is that artistry or design?
That's where art hits design.
That's where, that's where it
collides. But as far as,
as far as art goes,
art is purely like emotion
is purely feel emotion. It's
not, it's not really problem-solving
right. Yeah. So the difference
between art and design, I
think, Let me see if
I understand that paraphrase. So
we don't get like angry
letters here. Don't get don't.
You can, you can tweet
me angry, angry things. That's
okay. I think I understand.
So what I'm hearing you
say is that if you
are saying I'm in hardest,
your job is to express
yourself to a Voke emotion
and other people. And to
get that art out of
you, and it may not
have a purpose. You may
not have a form or
function. It may just be,
Hey, it's art. And then
a designer though is like
a programmer in the sense
of I'm designing for a
purpose for an explicit reason,
either to get them to
enter their credit card or
get them to click this
button or to make it
so that they can check
their email on an iPhone
Or even even take it
out of web completely interstate
signs. I love signage. I
love more than anything going
to like a real city.
And when I say real
estate, I mean like my
favorite city ever Boston, like
looking at the, like the
map for the T. Yeah.
It like stops my heart
every time. It's it's incredible.
And the train the T
T yeah, the T Oh,
I see you like the,
sorry. I like the train.
I love subways. Do you
like the subway maps that
people are always redoing in
New York? Every designer has to
do that. Yes. The tumbler,
the tumbler. God, I love
charts. Yeah. You have to
send me a link to
this. This is a tumbler
of just yeah. Yes. And
there's also a Tumblr. I
love charts.tumblr.com. Okay. So good.
It's so I love charts,
so it's good. It's like
math. I love it. I
love design because it's like
math and I wouldn't consider
myself like a math genius,
but it really is you,
you have this, that is
from the business or whoever
or client and they tell
you the solution, but it's,
it's, it's the pieces of
the, I guess, algorithm or
problem or whatever that make
that solution. That, that makes
the solution so good. Right.
So like for our website
it's it's and I'm going
to get into the response
of talk a little bit.
I am a firm believer
that creativity is not device
dependent is not, it shouldn't
matter if you are on
your phone, on your tablet,
on your desktop, you should
have the same experience. You
should be giving those same
emotions. So you're a pro
responsive design. It sounds like
Yes. For the right cases.
Yeah. Like an example I
gave is I'm actually going
to go talk on mobile.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited. I'm
excited for that. Hopefully it
doesn't suck. I hope it
won't. I'm sure. One of
the things I don't like
is when I, like, I
have this friend who has
a, and I need to
bug her about this, I'm
going to call her out
her name's Lovie. We do
it a talk show together
on my other podcast. And
she, all of her blogs
evoke emotion. They use red
and bright colors and she
loves shoes. So there's always
like red and shoes. I
love shoes. But in the
old days, when you went
to her blog, you got
this generic WP touch kind
of like WordPress fake mobile
site. So then I told
her to get rid of
that, but now her site
has an ad across the
top that is so wide
that it's forcing the width
of the entire site. So
you just have a horrible
experience on mobile. And I
really feel like minimal amount
of work would bring that
bright, red, emotional fun look
to the device. But because
she didn't go that last
step. Yeah. I wonder if
she could kill the ad
on mobile or to make
it tiny or yeah. I
mean, whatever, you don't need
an ad on mobile. Yeah.
But when I work with
my designer, who did my
blog, it's funny that you
talk about the difference between
form and function and emotion
versus trying to solve a
problem. I sat down and
I said, you know, I
want it to be earthy
and organic and beige, but
not boring, kind of beige.
And I told them all
the emotions I wanted, but
then I also said, I
wasn't interested in page views.
I was interested in comments.
So he made the comment
bubble bigger and the comment
link brighter. So he met
those, those requirements of making
it art or artsy and
artsy. It was effectively art,
but it also was incredibly
functional. Yeah. And, and it's,
it's funny. It's a lot
of like mind trickery. I
feel like, I feel like
I come across that a
lot in, in, in my
line of work is, is
we have to make people
feel these emotions. And like
how, how do you do
that? You use colors, like
color theory. Funny, funny thing.
I did my senior thesis
on color theory and the
psychology behind color. And do
you want, do you know
what color is bought more
than any other color? Like
this color, everyone will buy,
right? Tiffany blue. So what
a Tiffany is like a
sky blue or what? So
it's like a greenish bluish
turquoise. Yeah. No, that's such
a gross. It's not, it's
not my nails. My toenails
are that color. Well, you
can't. Yeah. But like they
it's really. Yeah. That's the
color. Yep. Now I'm going
to have to go look
and see if I've bought
those things. Yeah. Go look
around your house. I guarantee
you. It's not like somebody's
phone green. It's no, that's,
it's a little less obnoxious.
I'll show you. Yeah. People
like blue people like blue
people and like, not like
Navy blue, but like this
fun blue. And I actually
got to test this at
one of the paintings I
worked at. And I'll tell
you what they love that
blue really. And their main
color was, You know, I
went to a blog recently
that was linked to me
on Twitter. And as soon
as I got there, it
was white text on a
black background, looked like the
nineties and I didn't have
the heart to tell the
guy. I mean, how do
you say I love your
content? I think it would
be more effective if you
inverted your colors, you just
tell him really. You don't
think he'd be offended. No,
I, yeah, you should. Because
I, I just couldn't see
myself ever going back. So
yeah. And I, I'm kind
of, I'm kind of heartless
about this stuff because a
long time ago I took
my ego out of it.
Like when, when, as a
designer, it's not, it's not
about you. Right. And maybe
that's going back to like
art versus design. It's not
about you. It's not about
Coders. So many times there's
a kind of coder that
takes it personally. Like you
are not your for-loop. Yes,
exactly. And as, as designer,
like, and I mentioned this
in my talk yesterday, like
fail, like do not be
afraid to fail, embrace it.
And I, and there's a
quote, I don't know where
it came from, but it's
make better mistakes tomorrow. And
I live by that. I,
I, I had a great
mentor through college and he
said to me once, do
you need to stop worrying
about today and start worrying
about next week tomorrow, next
week, next month? Like, like
when you, when you make
design design decisions, don't just
do it for what's good.
Now do it for what's
good later as well. And
that, that changed everything they
did. And so now I
pay closer attention to the
design. Does the design decisions
that I make. Yeah. I've
noticed that we've got some
designs that we're putting out
for the ESPN net site,
for example. And we've noticed
that they don't work well
on touch devices. Like there's
hover States to get menus,
to drop down. And we
just never thought about that,
This, but so now on,
on like tablet devices, there's
going to be like hover
States. Like, and, and huh,
Like he used to touch
it or you can't move
your finger, but the capacitive
screen doesn't know you're hovering
yet. Oh yes. So, and
I've read blogs about this
and, and someone on Twitter,
I can't remember who it
was, but they, they mentioned
this and it's Y type
or use a mouse when
you can use voice or
gestures. Oh, absolutely. And I
love that. I love it.
Like it's so right. Like,
and, and I was reading,
I was reading your blog
about this and it had
those like minority report screenshots.
Yeah. Like that. I got
a very bifurcated response. Everyone
was like, yes. Right on.
That's exactly what I felt
when I got it. I
haven't used it. But then
I got a lot of
responses from developers of the
leap motion who used it
that are like, well, you
know, you have to walk
before you can run. And
you know, you can't, don't
pick on a baby. He's
just a baby, but he'll
learn. Yeah. I mean, well,
I bought the thing for
retail price and it came
boxed. I expected a retail
experience. Well, I mean, yes,
but you know, in those
developers defense, they've probably been
working on that for awhile.
I know it's there, but
it's their baby. I've heard
directly from the leap motion
people. But I heard from
lots of people that are
doing stuff, like make developing
for it. Third party developers.
Yeah. And everyone's like, well,
you're being too harsh. And
my only argument was, I
don't think so Hyped up
that product so much. Yeah.
You know what I mean?
And then when they tell
me that it can see
one, 100th of a millimeter.
Yeah. Well then you sure
about to be able to
see me wave. Yeah. And
that was very frustrating. Yeah.
I mean, I have not
experienced that. I have a
friend who was like waiting
at best buy for it
to come out. He like
tried to get it on
Friday. They wouldn't let them
the eight or wait until
Sunday. I heard about it
for like a week. It
was crazy. And what happened?
I don't know. I never
asked him what he thought,
but I honestly, honestly, I
just, I just forgot about
it. I know, because is
he totally disappointed and sad
and take it back? I
have no idea. He hasn't
told me, but I have
a feeling if it was
a good experience, he would
have been like, this is
incredible. But if it was
a terrible experience, you've been
like, this is horrible. See,
the thing about that interaction
model was that they were
trying to tell us that
it would, it could see
your fingers and it can
see you down to the
millimeter. And I expected intense
accuracy. But what I'm realizing
is I don't want that.
I want course gesture recognition.
There's a, there's an app
that's in beta right now
on windows 8.1. I just
upgraded my, my little surface
thing. It's a little portable.
I know what that was
until like a day ago,
windows 8.1 or a surface
surface. So it's like an
iPad it's windows I found.
Okay. So the windows eight
is pretty unpolished and it's
kind of rough windows. 8.1
is 0.1 better. And it's
way better. It just brings
the whole thing to life.
It's like when the first
iPad I phone was amazing,
but you know, they had
problems. They iterated. So anyway,
this is app, that's the
recipe app. Okay. So you
put your surface and has
like a little kickstand and
any story and the way
that you move to the
next recipe or the next
step in the recipe is
you just wave your hand
in front of, Because I
use, I use my iPad
a lot. I use it
for recipes all the time
for recipes, especially. And you
know what I hate when
I'm like covered in like
flour and butter and egg.
And like, I have to
touch my iPad. I like
try it with my elbow.
Actually I've done it with
my nose apps. You're absolutely
right. That gets, sounds like
a silly use case. But
once you have cooked with
a tablet next to you,
you can't do recipes any
other way. Exactly. My point
calling back to the leap
motion is I don't care
that you can see my
fingers to down to the
millimeter, but I do care
is that if I go
like this and move my
hand from right to left
quickly, it clearly means next
page. Yes. And some people
might do it with their
hand out. Some people might
do it like a wave.
If I have to write
the code to like detect
all the different ways that
someone might do that, then
that's way too much detail
question. Okay. What about other
languages that don't read that,
Right? Right. Yeah. Then I
should totally like, yeah. If
I'm Arabic or Hebrew, I
should wipe that the other
way. Yeah. But my point
is that the leap motion
required you to be precise
in what is ultimately a
gross motor motion. Yeah. Well,
in this particular example, and
this is a super fine
example, I'm not in any
way trying to say the
surface is comparable to a
leap motion. Yeah. I'm saying
this one app turns the
web cam on and I'm
sure if I ran quickly
past it, like not using
my artists, just to my
head to shut, you know
what I mean? It would
probably go to the next
recipe. I'm imagining that. Right.
Because the coder just wrote
some basic basic thing. That's
like some large object goes
from side to side. That's
what I want. Like I
want to be on my,
on my Mac or my
PC and then just kind
of flipped my arm up
in a flippant motion. And
that would scroll. Yeah. But
I don't want to have
to like, hold my finger
precisely or two fingers out.
And then yeah. It's like,
that reminds me of like
the tap radius on, on
like phones, how like some
websites using tap, tap, tap,
how there'll be like this
tiny little X that you
need to hit. But, and
Apple does this too. They
had this tiny little thing,
but they don't even follow
their own standards of like
a 44 by 44 tap
radius. They just have this
tiny little text that you
have to tap. What does
that mean? That's the, that's
the, I touched with the
tip of my finger and
I was off and you
just figure I'm within 50.
So Yeah. It's like a,
like, thank the Lord for
auto. Correct. Are you kidding
me? Right? Yeah. So like
you mistype everything and if
it wasn't for auto, correct.
Sometimes auto-correct is not good.
I got halfway through the
word. I know I'm wrong.
I go, it better. Figure
it out. I do that.
I do that too. And
then, and then it doesn't
and you're like white and
then, Well then it's even
worse when the horribly word
gets into your dictionary. Yes,
I do. I, my friends
and I, we have like
nicknames for everyone and there's
one person that we call
Davy Saurus okay. And his
name, Davy source is in
all of our auto-corrects awesome.
So as soon as we
start to type like DAV,
no matter what it is,
it all automatically goes to
David source. I'm like, no,
now I have to backspace
all of that. I have
the exact same problem. I
might, we talk to my
wife's family, half in English
and half in an end
to belly, which is her
Zuni based language. And it
has these ridiculous words with
like 50 is confidence and
stuff. And anytime I, anytime
I have like a Z
or a G, it just
assumes one of these obscure
words and it just explodes.
Yeah. And then that's a
lousy experience. That's a lousy
experience. One of the other
things that I thought was
interesting about you is that
you run the Jacksonville user
experience group. So you're a
community leader. We would call
you that. Right. But that's
not as interesting as the
fact that you go to
other user groups. Yeah. I,
I am super involved in
the community. I, yeah, I
go to about 25 a
month, sometimes more than one
a night. I feel like
I noticed that in Jacksonville,
especially, there's not a lot
of like UX people or
they know what UX is,
but they don't think that
they can do it because
they think it's only for
designers. And I don't think
that at all. I think
that that UX is everyone
working together, whether it's project
managers, whether it's like copywriters,
devs, any kind of dev,
I love the majority of
our group consists of developers,
which is interesting because I
feel like our, our careers
are, are forcing us all
to be hybrids. So as
a UX designer or strategist
or whatever, whatever I am,
I feel like I have
to have a knowledge of
all of these different like
programming languages or at least
have like the basic fundamentals
of them. So I can,
so I can work with
those people and design with
those people and specifically say
with, and not for, I'm
not designing for developers and
designing for users, but I'm
designing with the developers. And
I feel like going out
to these community events, it
shows them that I'm serious.
Like I want that. I
want to know their specific
things, whether it's I go
to the big data, meet
up here and it's way
out of my league. Like
these guys are incredibly smart,
but I will go and
I will sit there and
I will, and I will
try to understand, I'll ask
questions and, and really like
dig into what it is
so I can understand it
so I can design for
it. And the community. I
was like this in Charlotte
too. Charlotte has an amazing
tech community. But here, when
I first started UX, which
was a year ago, our
first meetup had eight people,
four of whom I like
begged. I was like, you
have to come. Now we
average about 50 people a
month. We have 210 members,
220 members. And it's because,
and I've, haven't really like
marketed it. I've just gone
out to these community events
and opened up to people.
And a lot of people,
a lot of people in
our field are they're introverts.
And I'm guilty of being
an introvert sometimes too. But
I, I really like pull
them over to me and
say, Hey, let's build this
community. And when I first
started, someone said to me,
it'll be interesting to see
how this goes, because this
has been started before, but
people just give up. Right.
And now I'm like a
year into it. And we're
growing every day, every day,
like two or three people
join. And it's incredible to
see. And just, just the
fact to like, let people
know that like, it's okay,
that you're not a designer
because it's not about design.
It's not. What's about, it's
about finding different ways to
solve problems. Whether it's in,
I had someone talk on
angular versus knockout, which is
a great turnout. I have
talked about persona creation. I
have some JavaScript, people come
out and it's fun. It's,
it's a great, it's a
great time. Well, what do
you say to the developers
who have never been to
a user group at all?
They just like, it's Hey,
it's five. I punch out.
Yeah. I actually talked to
one today. He was like,
this is my first conference
ever. And I, I don't,
I'm not really involved in
the community. I'm like, I
tell them if you want
to succeed, then come out
to these groups. And I
feel like the thing that
drives all of us all,
like whether we're designers or
developers to these events is
that we all have this
shared feeling of we're not
okay with just being okay.
And, and we have to
be good. We were passionate
and you can see it,
like just walking out there.
All these people are so
passionate. They're, they're taking the
most valuable thing in the
world, which is time to
come and see us talk.
And, and it's incredible. It's
an incredible feeling. Yeah. I
have told one of the
things that I said in
the, in the keynote that
I really believe, and I
think people laughed a little
bit when I said it,
but I think it's true.
As I said, just because
you're here, I'm addressing the
audience. You are in the
top tier of developers. Not
necessarily in skill, but in
passion because you're here because
for every one development here,
there's a thousand that never
showed. Yeah. That was a
really early talk to you.
Oh, thank you. You're lucky
now is early. My little
keynote. I thought it went
okay. It was good. It
was good. I wasn't fishing
for compliments, but thank you
very much. Okay. No, it
was funny. I really got
to do the animated gift
thing. It's funny that you
say that because we had
Greg young here and he
actually had content. Oh yeah.
I was, I was talking
to him Or the whole
content. I just have animated
gifts, but I talked for
like 75 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
That's how, that's how it's
supposed to be. I think
you're supposed to talk more
than what your presentation has.
I don't know. I went
way over, whatever. Cool. Well,
give me links to your
user group and your website
and your portfolio and stuff.
And I'll add it to
the show notes. Thanks. Thanks
so much, Natasha Irizarry for
talking to me today. And
we're here at code on
the beach, a new conference
happening in Jacksonville, Florida. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.